Why are you afraid of being embarrassed?
So I dare not take it out.
I'm afraid that some jumping clowns will be in a hurry
Who are you talking about as a clown?
Whoever is in a hurry is a clown
Grandpa Qing Huan is ugly
And I made a synthesis.
I wish you all the best.
Shoubinan Mountain
Ok ok you have this heart
Grandpa is content
Hahahaha
Sister, as a daughter of the Lu family
Xiao Bi must have drawn well
Open it up for everyone to enjoy
Yes, Miss Lu, just show it to us all.
Miss Lu, as the daughter of the richest man
Must be proficient in piano, chess, calligraphy and painting
Don't you think so?
Shut up
This is the enemy my new love gave me
Why let you see
Grey grandpa
You are not afraid that your sister will not draw well and be ashamed.
So I deliberately covered him up like this
Yellow mouth boy
The old man still has no room for you to discuss
Are you dead in your twilight years?
Twilight brother
I didn't mean to
He married your grandfather and said you were wrong
Not even if you are the master at hand
Mother, I'll see how you treat me later
Since my sister doesn't want to, forget it.
It's a pity that everyone didn't see it.
Just a painting
What are you afraid to see?
Grandpa, since everyone wants to see it
Then open it and take a look.
Blue and white, are you sure?
Grandpa, isn't this helping you?
Grandpa don't worry
The flowers I sent are no worse than Shen Nan'an's
Good People
Open the scroll